TITLE:
"DBZ Sparking! HYPER Patcher"

CMD:
"Sim Dragon is "
"Dragon History is "
"Great Ape is "
"Dragon History typos are "
"Super Saiyan 2 Vegeta is "
"Pikkon is "
"Kaio-ken Goku is "
"Super Buu - Gotenks Absorbed is "
"Krillin is "
"Invalid patch argument provided."
"TIME: [time] s"
"[iso-name] is NOT a valid DBZ Sparking! HYPER ISO."
"USAGE: java -jar dbzs-hyper-patcher.jar "path/to/ISO" [patch-arg]"
"Patch Arguments"
"Fixes Dragon History crash (which prevented "The World's Strongest" from being completed),[br]Sim Dragon crash (which would occur shortly after selecting a character),[br]Raditz crash (due to invalid blink texture number),[br]and Great Ape detransformation crash (by disabling it for all costumes)."
"Fixes Dragon History subtitle errors (such as misspellings and incomplete sentences)."
"Disables Super Saiyan 2 Vegeta's wrongly assigned victory quote against Super Android #13."
"Disables Pikkon's halo by default for his 2nd costume, as is the case for his 1st costume."
"Fixes Kaio-ken Goku's 3rd damaged costume's extra faces to point to the right texture."
"Fixes the sound effects for Super Buu (Gotenks Absorbed)'s Finish Sign[br]and Super Buu Kamikaze Attack when Japanese voices are selected."
"Fixes the damage of Krillin's Spirit Bomb to be in line with other Spirit Bombs."
"Applies all the patches listed above."

GUI:
"CD image"
"Open DBZ Sparking! HYPER ISO..."
"Invalid DBZ Sparking! HYPER ISO (does not match original copy)."
"Fix Game Crashes"
"Fix Story Mode Typos"
"Fix Vegeta Victory Quote"
"Fix Pikkon Permanent Halo"
"Fix Kaio-ken Goku Face"
"Fix JP Buutenks Special Attack SFX"
"Fix Krillin Spirit Bomb"
"Fix All"
"Apply Patch"
"Patch Type"
"Greetings"
"Update"
"for providing the Sim Dragon crash fix"
"for pointing out the Sim Dragon Random Z-Item bug"
"for playtesting and providing Portuguese translation"
"for providing Spanish translation"
"for pointing out the Pikkon halo bug"
"Link could not be opened. Check your Internet connection!"
"Tool could not be updated. Check your Internet connection!"
"Patch Types are chronologically ordered, but please make sure to apply all of them[br]at once, to an untouched (or already patched) DBZ Sparking! HYPER copy."
"ISO patched in [time] seconds!"
"This OS [os] does not support the Swing library. Run the program from the command line instead. Use -h for help.

COMMON:
"SUCCESS: "
"ERROR: "
"patched!"

EXTRA:
"Raditz is "
"Language"
"Fix Sim Dragon Random Z-Items"
"Prevents removed Z-Items from showing up in Sim Dragon."
"for pointing out the Kaio-ken Goku face bug"
"for pointing out overlooked Dragon History typos"